come on another one there's big 7 foot
200 pounds and bars and who we got on
the pole Gary Gary Gary said he wanted
it but now he's not real sure shamila
there ran out 250 yards of line mr. crab
trap buoy hate a great big old porgy so
we fed him the rest he goes to run grab
the rod with both hands and hang on
listen to him he's out of breath already
I'm ancient soul is gold but this good
stuff okay we just take that rod right
down the back corner of the boat and
stand it in the center that one right
there standing in the center just
anywhere on those waters any one of
those right there okay we don't want
reel reel reel reel reel reel reel I
don't want him going under the boat
again so not the best place okay tell
you what go up over the top walk around
the back to vote reel reel reel reel
reel reel reel hold it over the top of
the motors all the way don't let him
pull you down on the motors ship we're
good we're good hold on hold on going to
the other side how's you coming back now
come back come on back come on back come
on back dang dosey doe around forty
thousand dollars with the engine hoods
ma Gary you can do it he's closer than
he was there you go this line of the
other side oh yeah Gary's like yeah
right you can see 30 feet deep and we
still don't see the fish yet but
Gary looks good doing it though range of
ernest hemingway doesn't need yeah I was
getting ready to say that so I think I
don't think Ernest was as clumsy as he
is come on this way a little bit much
and lean right here we still don't see
it yet it still 240 far wine him again
he's tugging oh yeah he's like 200
pounds so do you like that pole better
with a little spinning rod better you
know do you like catching sheets head in
Porky's are you like kitchen shark am I
here you can do or bad reel reel oh you
can't reel Kenya real now just little
tug real again real real again real
again watch the side about real again
really good I see I seem real real real
real he's coming he should I hit real
real oh yeah look at that look at that
look at that he is I biggin another
monster real real oh stop stop stop
right there stop right there he's not
done he's gonna run again oh that's the
best thing that could have happened yeah
do it he got the pictures all right
that's good quick release hey feel I
just feel great all right that's good
that's good we can get an assist on that
yeah all right that's the best thing you
got your hooks we gotta hook we get
everything back three you gonna sleep
good tonight aren't you I think right
now
okay that was good all right that's the
end